OVERVIEW OF CODE SO FAR
Kenneth Shinn

So far, I have written an overview of the project. There are 3 main components of the file Project/Indicators_Signal_Testing:
1) The indicators
2) The signal generator
3) Testing the returns and visualizing the signals

So far for the indicators, I'm working on the first one and starting brainstorming ideas for the second.
The first one measures the difference in returns between bonds and equities. Logically, if equities are
expected to have a higher return, then it is predicted that more people will invest in equites rather than bonds.
It is currently measured as being the annual pct change in difference between equity and bond returns. However,
it currently has  problems that need to be addressed. It's convoluted and doesn't express what I want it to
in a direct way. That's primarily because the percent change in difference doesn't address the growth of bond
or equity returns independently (that is, the information is lost).

Currently the signal generator only takes in the first indicator, and goes short (-1) if the percent change of return
difference is greater than .5. Otherwise it goes long. This rudientary signal is just supposed to represent when the
expectations for equity outperformance is so great that it will negatively affect the bond market.

The last section graphs our system's returns alongside the cummulative returns if one were to just passively hold the bonds.
The system's signals are also graphed. Clearly, the trading system is currently performing poorly. To improve the system,
I will first address the problems mentioned above with indicator 1, and then I will use indicator 2 to pick up what indicator
1 fails to explain. This indicator 2 will likely be something related to the business cycle, as lower interest rates to spur
the economy will cause both high equity returns and bond returns. So in this case, relative equity outperformance may not
lead to lower bond returns. But, this will be something explored after indicator 1 is cleaned up.